hi my name is Gerald azusa with everyday
bowties I actually fell into making bow
ties and when I say fell into what I
mean is I'm an architect by work by
schooling and one day I wanted to do
something that was less stressful that I
lose myself in doing and my wife said to
me
and Gerald why don't you just turn make
bow ties because every time you make one
for yourself somebody buys it off your
neck so I figured I think about it ask
my ego and then see what my eagle has to
say before I decided to make a boat line
anyway so this is how you tie a bow tie
first thing we do is we have our collar
on
and we make sure that the bowtie has
enough room to allow you
I properly
what I like to do spy this first
aight i just as though I was tying my
pair of sneakers first thing I do is I
make the first time
which is that
there's a the part of the thigh goes up
but the part of the tie goes down the
one that goes down is the one that you
actually fold to make a boat in the
shape of a boat I'm we hold it in place
but then you take the one on top the
rabbit goes around the tree and it goes
into the hole
and you push it through that hole until
enough has gone through then you line up
the ends which is this end and this end
together once you have it lined up
then you can hold this through
and before you know it you have a bowtie
it's just as though you are tying your
pair of sneakers or sandals then you're
thirsty because most sandals have a
string to it and that's how you tie a
bow tie thanks for visiting